---
title: 'Wedding of Như und Duy'
img: '/images/testimonials/NhuDuy.webp'
quote: "Thank you for helping me make the dream wedding I’ve imagined since I was a little girl come true."
---
On our wedding day, we already said this many times, but today I want to emphasize it once again: THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! We feel incredibly lucky to have found you. Thank you for playing such an important role in making our wedding day absolutely perfect. Thank you for helping me make the dream wedding I’ve imagined since I was a little girl come true.

You probably already heard many compliments from the guests during the wedding, but some even wrote to me afterward to send you their praise and gratitude. You once told me that being a wedding speaker is just a side job for you, something you do purely out of passion. And for that, I truly want to thank you – for following your passion, so that we could find you.

I am certain that all the couples whose weddings you have led and will lead in the future will be just as grateful to you as we are. To me, you embody everything a perfect wedding speaker should have: You are beautiful, charming, and your voice is so warm and soothing. On top of that, your passion and dedication truly impress me. I also feel really sorry for all the times you had to remind me of deadlines!

There wouldn’t be enough time to list all your amazing qualities, so I’ll keep it short here: We wish you nothing but the best for the future—may everything you pursue be successful and fulfilling! May your studies go well, and good luck on your journey to making your dreams come true. Whether being a wedding speaker remains a side job for you or becomes your main career one day, I wish for you to always follow your passion wholeheartedly and do what you love!

I truly hope that our relationship doesn’t end here but continues to grow. We are so happy that our paths have crossed in this hectic world.